docsp-28042 - v1.2 Known Issues and What's New (#37)
mongodb/docs-visual-studio-extension: source/whats-new.txt

What's New
==========

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

> 

Reviewer: now that there are 2 releases, should we include a list at the top for quick navigation? such as the [Node page](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/drivers/node/current/whats-new/) has?

.. _mongodb-analyzer-whats-new-1.2:

What's New in 1.2
-----------------

New features of the 1.2 {+product+} release include:

> - Added limited support for builders for Atlas Search.

Reviewer: S: To make the transition from the introductory phrase smoother
```suggestion
- Limited support for builders for Atlas Search.
```

> - The default LINQ provider version is ``V3`` in driver versions 2.19.0 and higher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Default LINQ provider version set to ``V3`` in driver versions 2.19.0 and higher.
```

> - On macOS, the ``using MongoDB.Driver.Linq;`` statement is no longer required to 
>   analyze LINQ expressions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The ``using MongoDB.Driver.Linq;`` statement is no longer required to 
  analyze LINQ expressions on macOS.
```
